Cypress Frontend-testing (#712)
cryptoadvance/specter-desktop: docs/cypress-testing.md

## Create a snapshot
Let's say you want to focus on the currently last test-file `spec_existing_history`. You can create a snapshot of the expected state at the start of the test via:
```
$ ./utils/test-cypress.sh snapshot # will output possible arguments
we need one of these arguments:
spec_empty_specter_home.js
spec_node_configured.js
spec_existing_history.js
$ ./utils/test-cypress.sh snapshot spec_existing_history.js
```

Now you can run (or open) specifically this test-file via:
```
$ ./utils/test-cypress.sh run spec_existing_history.js
```
This will restore the snapshot created above and run this test (and all subsequent ones). Opening the cypress app works the same although there you're responsible to be aware that the state is fitting to the spec-file you want to execute (just like in the case of empty state above)

## Develop on tests
The spec-files mainly select some element on a webpage and then act on them. Mainly `.click()` and `.type("some Text")`. So it's quite helpfull to have unique IDs for all the elements which we want to use in the tests. The cypress-app has a very convenient way of selecting. Make sure you don't miss that.

> For specific things they are `cy.tasks` which can be be implemented. Two of the already exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For specific things there are `cy.tasks` which can be implemented. Two of the already existing tasks:
```
